feat: Document Brakeman limitation DOCS-675 (#2081)
codacy/docs: docs/getting-started/supported-languages-and-tools.md

      <td>-</td>
      <td><a href="https://trivy.dev">Trivy</a>, scans <br><code>Package.resolved</code> (SwiftPM) </td>
      <td><a href="https://pmd.github.io/pmd/pmd_userdocs_cpd.html">PMD CPD</a></td>

>       <td><a href="https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint">SwiftLint</a><a href="#swiftlint-complexity"><sup>9</sup></a> <a href="#complexity-limitations"><sup>6</sup></a></td>

Reviewer: Should we place the 6 before the 9, just for a matter of ordering?

```suggestion
      <td><a href="https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint">SwiftLint</a><a href="#complexity-limitations"><sup>6</sup></a> <a href="#swiftlint-complexity"><sup>9</sup></a></td>
```

<sup><span id="dart-limitations">5</span></sup>: Currently, Codacy only supports including the packages [lints](https://pub.dev/packages/lints) and [<span class="skip-vale">flutter_lints</span>](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_lints) on dartanalyzer configuration files.  
<sup><span id="complexity-limitations">6</span></sup>: Doesn't calculate [the number of methods and the complexity per method](../repositories/files.md#file-details) for each file.  
<sup><span id="ruby-31">7</span></sup>: Currently, Codacy doesn't support any static code analysis tool for [Ruby 3.1](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2021/12/25/ruby-3-1-0-released/).  

> <sup><span id="semgrep-brakeman">8</span></sup>: Due to licensing limitations, Codacy does not support the latest version of Brakeman. To analyze your Ruby code for the latest security vulnerabilities, use Semgrep, which provides comprehensive and up-to-date security scanning.  

Reviewer: Adding link to Semgrep website. Also, minor fix of Vale check.

```suggestion
<sup><span id="semgrep-brakeman">8</span></sup>: Due to licensing limitations, Codacy doesn't support the latest version of Brakeman. To analyze your Ruby code for the latest security vulnerabilities, use [Semgrep](https://semgrep.dev/), which provides comprehensive and up-to-date security scanning.  
```
